Questions and answers
1. Gray Box Testing includes both Black Box and White Box Testing features!

2. System testing should investigate?
   Non-functional requirements and Functional requirements

3. Which test may not mimic real world situations?
   Structural Testing

4. ? is a very early build intended for limited distribution to a few key customers and to marketing for demonstration purposes?
   Beta release

5. ? indicates how important it to fix the bug and when it should be fixed?
   Severity, Priority, All above

6. Component integration testing can be done?
   After component testing

7. Which is not a black testing technique?
   Decision testing

8. Which of the following is a KEY test control task?
   Initiating corrective actions

9. As a test leader you are collecting measures about defects. You recognize that after the first test cycle-covering all
  the requirements-subsystem "C" has defect density that is 150% higher than the average. Subsystem "A" on the other hand has a defect density
  that is 60% lower than the average. What conclusions for the next test cycle could you draw from this fact?
  It is probable that subsystem C has still more hidden defects. Therefore we need to test subsystem C in more detail

10. Which is not a testing principle?
    Exhaustive testing

11. Why is successful test execution automation difficult?
    Because the maintenance of the system is difficult

12. Which test design technique relies heavily on prior thorough knowledge of the system?
    Experience-based technique

13. Handover of TestWare is a part of which activity?
    Test Completion

14. Static analysis is best described as?
    The analysis of program code

15. Bug life cycle
    Open, Assigned, Fixed, Closed

16. Which defects are OFTEN much cheaper to remove?
    Defects that were detected early

17. What principle is BEST described when test design are written by a third party?
    Independent testing

18. Gray Box testing includes both Black box and White Box testing features

19. A white box testing technique that measures the numbers of or percentage of decision directions executed by the test case designed is called
    Decision/Condition coverage

20. Testing throughout the project in a three-dimensional sense refers to the following dimensions:
    Time, Organizational, and Cultural

21. Which of the following is not activity in the test process?
    Not Test planning
    Not Test monitoring and control
    Not Test analysis and test design

22. Which test may not mimic real world situations?
    Structural Testing

23. Who typically use static analysis tools?
    Developers and designers

24. Some tools are geared more for developers use. For the 5 tools listed, which statement BEST details those for developers
    Coverage measurement tools
    Dynamic analysis tools

25. Maintenance releases and technical assistance centres are examples of which of the following costs of quality?
    External failures

26. Which of the following is a MAJOR task of evaluating exit criteria and reporting?
    Writing a test summary report for stakeholders

27. Which tool needs to interface with other automation software in order to generate reports in the format required by the organization?
    Test management tools

28. If candidate is giving an exam of 40 questions, should get 25 marks to pass (61%) and should get 80% for distinction, what is equivalence class?
    32,37,40

29. What can static analysis NOT find?
    Whether the value stored in a variable is correct

30. Beta release is a very early build intended for limited distribution to a few key customers and to marketing for demonstration purposes

31. Fault Masking is:
    Error condition hiding another error condition

32. PDCA is known as:
    Plan, Do, Check, Accept

33. Test data planning essentially includes:
    Test Procedure Planning

34. The PROCEDURES and STANDARDS are used within individual workbenches to produce the right output products.

35. Which of the following statements is not TRUE:
    Inspections is appropriate even where there are no written documents

36. A person who documents all the issues, problems and open points that were identified during a formal review.
    Scribe

37. Which approaches can help increase the quality of software?
    Incorporating rigorous testing, establishing defects metrics

38. Which of the following could be a reason for a failure
    Testing fault
    Software fault
    Design fault
    Environmental fault

39. Below is a list of problems that can be observed during testing or operation.
    Which is MOST likely a failure?

    The product crashed when the user selected an option in a dialogue box

40. What are good practices for testing within the development life cycle?
    Early test analysis and design
    Different test levels are defined with specific objectives

41. Which of these statements about functional testing is true?
    Functional testing is useful throughout the life cycle and can be applied by business analysts, testers, developers and users.

42. How is the scope of maintenance testing assessed?
    Scope is related to the risk size of the changes and size of the system under test

43. Functional testing is mostly
    Validation techniques

44. White box testing
    Same as glass box testing and clear box testing

45. Which of the following is a type of non-functional testing?
    Usability testing

46. The Alpha testing is performed at the developing organization's site

47. Which is not the software characteristics ?
    Scalability

48. According to the ISTQB glossary regression testing is required for what purpose?
    To ensure that defects have not been introduced by modification

49. Maintenance testing is:
    Testing a released system that has changed

50. What is the MAIN benefit of designing tests early in the life cycle?
    It helps prevent defects from being introduced in to the code

51. Which type of test design techniques does the following statement best describe a procedure
    to derive test cases based on the specifications of a component?
    Black Box Testing

52. White box techniques are also called as:
    Structural Testing.

53. Component Testing is also called as:
    Unit testing, Program testing, Module testing, System Component testing.

54. Methodologies adopted while performing Maintenance testing
    Breadth test and Depth test

55. A type of functional testing, which investigates the functions relating to detections of threats, such as virus from malicious outsiders?
    Security Testing

56. System integration testing should be done after
    System testing

57. What is the normal order of activities in which software testing is organised?
    Unit, integration, system, validation

58. A deviation from the specified or expected behaviour that is visible to end-users is called:
    A failure( is deviation of the component or system from its expected delivery, service or result )

59. Which of the following is not among the main groups of activities in a test process?
    Requirement Analysis

60. Which is the best definition of complete testing?
    You have discovered every bug in the program

61. Which is not the testing objectives?
    Debugging defects

62. Which of the following is a KEY task of a tester?
    Reviewing tests developed by others

63. Which of the following statements is the MOST valid goal for a test team?
    Cause as many failures as possible so that faults can be identified and corrected.

64. Which of the following is false?
    A system is necessarily more reliable after debugging for the removal of a fault

65. Failure is
    Incorrect program behaviour due to a fault in the program

66. One Key reason why developers have difficulty testing their own work is:
    Lack of Objectivity

67. Pick the best definition of quality?
    Conformance to requirements

68. Independent Verification & Validation is:
    Done by an Entity Outside the projects sphere of influence